Hello, welcome in Brussels. We are glad to be at FOSDEM with you and we wanted to talk
you about our project which is called S2S and the VAMO is a project to tell everyone
who has sign-in videos that we can put them in the same place. Many videos are very good on
the internet, they are signed correctly and we would like to get a copy of all the videos in the
same place. We use peer-tube to do so and if you go at our website you will only have
videos that are available in sign language or with a specific subtitle for deaf people.
You know the subtitles, the colors for example, and where it is written things that happen in the
movie but that no one speaks for example is a door closes and makes some noise outside as a
camera then it can be written so we like this video too. The better video we can have is
with sign language and subtitles because therefore everyone can understand everything.
This project has no need of funding. It is a very cheap project because it's just hosting a website
and we just use the peer-tube software to host videos so it's about 100 euros per year to
run this project so we really don't need money. We need people that do the same thing in other
countries. We will be glad if someone does the same thing in Germany because we could federate
our peer-tube instance and have much more content available and we also need many people who know
about this project to post more videos so we can grab many many more videos.
Do you have any questions about our project?
Show us the next slide.
Show us because I feel exactly on the next slide.
You can show it.
You can go to the slides.
There's one right there.
Chrome is already open and probably being faster.
Sorry.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
You